fix opentelemetry example (#835)
zio/zio-telemetry: docs/opentelemetry-example.md

  datalust/seq
```

> Change in the application TracerProvider implementation to [TracerProvider.jaeger](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry/blob/series/2.x/opentelemetry-example/src/main/scala/zio/telemetry/opentelemetry/example/otel/TracerProvider.scala#L37) and LoggerProvider to [LoggerProvider.seq](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry/blob/series/2.x/opentelemetry-example/src/main/scala/zio/telemetry/opentelemetry/example/otel/LoggerProvider.scala#L36)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must also switch the Tracing and Logging providers to Jaeger and Seq. For this, you need to swap the `stdout` providers we use by default in [OtelSdk.scala](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry/blob/series/2.x/opentelemetry-example/src/main/scala/zio/telemetry/opentelemetry/example/otel/OtelSdk.scala#L10) to [TracerProvider.jaeger](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry/blob/series/2.x/opentelemetry-example/src/main/scala/zio/telemetry/opentelemetry/example/otel/TracerProvider.scala#L37) and [LoggerProvider.seq](https://github.com/zio/zio-telemetry/blob/series/2.x/opentelemetry-example/src/main/scala/zio/telemetry/opentelemetry/example/otel/LoggerProvider.scala#L36)
```

Reviewer: Small suggestion, to be more precise.
